[DM-3825] Always release locks in end of the execution (#2270)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/cumulocity-10-18-540-160-memory-improvement-for-external-decoders.md

---

> date: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2024-07-26
```

> date: 2024-07-10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 
```
because the version is not GA2 available yet.

> title: A memory improvement for the external decoder events processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: LWM2M agent memory improvement for the external decoder events processing
```

> title: LWM2M agent memory improvement for the external decoder events processing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: LWM2M agent memory improvement for external decoder events processing
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: DM-3825

> version: 10.18.540.160

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version: 10.18.540.161
```
the version is 10.18.540.161 https://github.softwareag.com/IOTA/cumulocity-agents/commits/release/y2024 and also fix version is set to the task by the automation

---

> A memory improvement was made for the external decoder events processing in the LWM2M agent service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The memory usage for processing external decoder events in the LWM2M agent service has been improved.
```

Reviewer: yes, it is LWM2M agent for 2024 GA.
CD version is different deployment on Kubernetes so we changed the name to LWM2M service.

Reviewer 2: But here it says "agent service"?

Reviewer 2: Changed it to "agent".
